A great documentary in terms of storyline establishment and use of archival footage and relevant interviews. The way the story unfolds is interesting and almost jaw dropping at times. Some important lessons to be learned, DONT LEND MONEY TO A SUPPOSED BILLIONAIRE!
A guy cheating women in online and one of the victim lady helps police to find that culprit..!!
I applaud the three duped women for coming forward, not an easy thing to do.
A gotcha movie about a swindler who lures young women into a fake relationship while slowly gaining trust and then swindle r the unsuspecting in ladies out of their money.
This is an engrossing expose worthy of high marks, Congratulations to Netflix and the director for the 1st rate presentation.	
This was really funny as seemed like a comedy plot. They seem to full for his scam and knowingly join him in defrauding the banks. The best bit was the woman who got him back by selling his clothes. It seem like it is only part one as the guy still running the scam.
Maybe a little overproduced but overall a fun docu. Pretty easy to understand and presented in a popcorny way. All in all, not really good but fun in it's own way.
Are you kidding me? Overlong doc about desperate idiots falling for a con.
The story is by far more exciting than how it was presented. It was a nice attempt with how this was filmed and shown to us but I felt the story could have been better represented. Regardless, an interesting watch for sure.
Mindblowing!! It's hard to take my eyes off from screen. I didn't feel like I was watching a documentary.
I watched this simply because it was the next thing that came up on Netflix and to be honest I was hooked from the start. The one thing I just dont get with documentaries like these is .. where do these people come from? How stupid do you have to be to get sucked into a con that lasts so long. A one time thing, oops, my bad, but again and again! This documentary was well put together with great footage and story line. Worth a watch if you like true crime.
The documentary is well made and better than thriller movies out there. Moral of the story: Karma pays back in one way (or) the other. The guy is still out there. Do watch out before you swipe!!
I didn't know much about this story, so the way it unfolded in the documentary was riveting. So much real footage and messages and voice notes were used. It was well done and I want this man to truly be homeless!!
Part of you is screaming at these girls and like wtf are you thinking? Who in their right mind would behave that way in their circumstances? But that's not what a review is. The movie/documentary was good. It had a great build up of the characters and what was going on. The girls themselves got confusing at times because this guy into blondes obviously. There was a lot of jumping around too; Amsterdam, Prague, Paris, Ukraine, etc. It got hard to keep up with who was speaking and where they were. That was my biggest gripe.
